In fact, we fought with the Qingguo Li family army, and all levels of 100 were obtained.
A major announcement was made and a large amount of grain and grass was handed over. For the first time, grain and grass were obtained for Chengwai Dasheng.
It's enough to feed our 300,000 troops for a month at most. It's so good to be fucked and so beautiful.
So why doesn't Li Jiajun just bow to his old self-surrender?
Li Jiajun is a Bingmao again in my opinion
The truth and legend of the Qing Dynasty girl brother
I actually fucked a young boy who was too sexy
Li Jiajun jumped out of hiding and gave it to him
Will write about what we do next
Now Li Jiajun retreats to his legs
Now it has been promoted to democracy
What else can be done
Let me continue him
The name of the house is too childish
Tai Bing Da Sing is a coincidence
No maintenance
Judging from the two grasses obtained by chance
Their two straws lifted the rest of this hand at once
There shouldn't be more than one party, but how many?
It reflects that we have gone through several battles
The spirit of the world is like fierce foxes
How can he lead a general?
Prepare for a full-scale attack immediately
This general today
Want to continue them for a few pieces
catch the unknown
Emperor's Sutra Qianliang